Smith : 10 Occurrences
Syria : 7 Occurrences
Islamic : 4 Occurrences
State : 4 Occurrences
Baghdadi : 4 Occurrences
Ireland : 4 Occurrences
caliphate : 3 Occurrences
deported : 3 Occurrences
border : 3 Occurrences
three : 2 Occurrences
years : 2 Occurrences
travelled : 2 Occurrences
Images : 2 Occurrences
replies : 2 Occurrences
served : 2 Occurrences
reality : 2 Occurrences
believed : 2 Occurrences
everything : 2 Occurrences
joined : 2 Occurrences
actually : 2 Occurrences
refugee : 2 Occurrences
rsquo : 2 Occurrences
failed : 2 Occurrences
media : 2 Occurrences
Forces : 2 Occurrences
anything : 2 Occurrences
declared : 2 Occurrences
living : 2 Occurrences
leader : 1 Occurrences
Furqan : 1 Occurrences
called : 1 Occurrences
Previously : 1 Occurrences
backed : 1 Occurrences
happy : 1 Occurrences
12Maybe : 1 Occurrences
fighting : 1 Occurrences
Corps : 1 Occurrences
somewhere : 1 Occurrences
Dundalk : 1 Occurrences
National : 1 Occurrences
portrayed : 1 Occurrences
friend : 1 Occurrences
unaware : 1 Occurrences
Private : 1 Occurrences
Broadcaster : 1 Occurrences
state : 1 Occurrences
between : 1 Occurrences
shopping : 1 Occurrences
Cookie : 1 Occurrences
happen : 1 Occurrences
Jihadi : 1 Occurrences
Raqqa : 1 Occurrences
having : 1 Occurrences
Getty : 1 Occurrences
lives : 1 Occurrences
Kosovan : 1 Occurrences
nothing : 1 Occurrences
understand : 1 Occurrences
Inpho : 1 Occurrences
angry : 1 Occurrences
courtesy : 1 Occurrences
wives : 1 Occurrences
swathe : 1 Occurrences
journalist : 1 Occurrences
Turkey : 1 Occurrences
millions : 1 Occurrences
militants : 1 Occurrences
Louth : 1 Occurrences
Costello : 1 Occurrences
another : 1 Occurrences
killing : 1 Occurrences
March : 1 Occurrences
Raidi : 1 Occurrences
cookies : 1 Occurrences
worth : 1 Occurrences
injured : 1 Occurrences
world : 1 Occurrences
Eacute : 1 Occurrences
deportation : 1 Occurrences
gives : 1 Occurrences
established : 1 Occurrences
aides : 1 Occurrences
website : 1 Occurrences
desire : 1 Occurrences
address : 1 Occurrences
decision : 1 Occurrences
Government : 1 Occurrences
accordance : 1 Occurrences
could : 1 Occurrences
authenticity : 1 Occurrences
Baghouz : 1 Occurrences
Speaking : 1 Occurrences
Several : 1 Occurrences
Asked : 1 Occurrences
appearance : 1 Occurrences
legged : 1 Occurrences
prayer : 1 Occurrences
watch : 1 Occurrences
After : 1 Occurrences
located : 1 Occurrences
Norma : 1 Occurrences
faces : 1 Occurrences
married : 1 Occurrences
stronghold : 1 Occurrences
Defence : 1 Occurrences
return : 1 Occurrences
stuff : 1 Occurrences
Policy : 1 Occurrences
capital : 1 Occurrences
added : 1 Occurrences
Teilif : 1 Occurrences
moved : 1 Occurrences
husband : 1 Occurrences
sites : 1 Occurrences
experience : 1 Occurrences
northern : 1 Occurrences
anymore : 1 Occurrences
confused : 1 Occurrences
later : 1 Occurrences
earlier : 1 Occurrences
shown : 1 Occurrences
ruled : 1 Occurrences
leave : 1 Occurrences
whether : 1 Occurrences
adding : 1 Occurrences
things : 1 Occurrences
group : 1 Occurrences
months : 1 Occurrences
including : 1 Occurrences
journey : 1 Occurrences
2019RT : 1 Occurrences
Democratic : 1 Occurrences
ireann : 1 Occurrences
originally : 1 Occurrences
However : 1 Occurrences
Syrian : 1 Occurrences
significant : 1 Occurrences
published : 1 Occurrences
Public : 1 Occurrences
April : 1 Occurrences
Irish : 1 Occurrences
announced : 1 Occurrences
ending : 1 Occurrences
external : 1 Occurrences
outside : 1 Occurrences
covered : 1 Occurrences
final : 1 Occurrences
Abyad : 1 Occurrences
daughter : 1 Occurrences
internet : 1 Occurrences
child : 1 Occurrences
badly : 1 Occurrences
regional : 1 Occurrences
imprisonment : 1 Occurrences
bearded : 1 Occurrences
recording : 1 Occurrences
video : 1 Occurrences
house : 1 Occurrences
content : 1 Occurrences
network : 1 Occurrences
previously : 1 Occurrences
Claiming : 1 Occurrences
ready : 1 Occurrences
spend : 1 Occurrences
responsible : 1 Occurrences
working : 1 Occurrences
lived : 1 Occurrences
floor : 1 Occurrences
listening : 1 Occurrences
British : 1 Occurrences
revenge : 1 Occurrences
verified : 1 Occurrences
cross : 1 Occurrences
Service : 1 Occurrences
deport : 1 Occurrences
halfway : 1 Occurrences
message : 1 Occurrences
despite : 1 Occurrences
killed : 1 Occurrences
minute : 1 Occurrences
money : 1 Occurrences
coffee : 1 Occurrences
independently : 1 Occurrences
happens : 1 Occurrences
territory : 1 Occurrences
